thanks for coming we got something great
good to announce today some good stuff
happening their magical and
revolutionary device at an unbelievable
price magical magical right unbelievable
successful larger screen faster
processing etc just fantastic just
wonderful wonderful fantastic amazing
incredible magical just fantastic
successful very easy successful of
magical and so exciting are successful
exciting we're going to introduce today
ipad 2 and it's great legendary
incredibly happy just beautiful
legendary legendary and that is ipad 2
okay we've got some really cool really
simple great great pretty cool beautiful
better late break cool accessories it's
really easy to easily really cool really
really beautiful great great with iOS
four dot three good morning for three
brings with it some great an tastic
enhancements and some new features it's
that easy even better really cool really
nice really fast really fast simple
incredibly so fast incredibly great
great great great and that is iOS four
three thanks thanks Scott now better and
better and better really popular Randy
so really nice really gorgeous trait
really nice really great nice a nice
really easy a nice great really easy
this one's called simple and as you
might imagine it's simple it's really
nice a really nice great really nice
easy as that and that is the new version
I movie on the ipad 2 thanks Randy it's
awesome break Raj ban for ipad is
remarkable sander all yours this is
really cool and it's incredible
beautiful great sustain is just on and
ringing all the time which is cool now
incredibly expressive just incredibly
realistic pretty cool huh so super fun
really realistic
cool so guitar and this is great so much
fun yet incredibly easy as that simple
incredibly simple really easy and this
is incredible it's super fun it's really
really just incredible you're really
cool we're pelicula great really use it
incredible thank you it's unbelievable
so great amazing faster lighter pinner
it's amazing better simple awesome it's
just amazing amazing so thanks for
coming this morning we've got a great
hands-on area and I'd really encourage
you go get your hands on one of these
things you won't believe it thank you
very much